Greets peeps!

So, I see you decided to download my free KillerDrone MeshPack. Cool :)

Included content:

1  KillerDrone .blend (a Blender 3D file)
1  KillerDrone skeletal mesh .fbx (to use in Unreal Engine - tested wih UE4 version 4.5)
2  KillerDrone_UV .png files:
      - 1  Clean UV Map you can paint from scratch
      - 1  UV Map which is the texture currently on the KillerDrone
1  KillerDrone_UV .xcf (GIMP image file) with both of the UV maps layered, so you can
simply jump in and change the texture right away.


- Intended use -

Now, first of all:
This is not supposed to be a "professional" character mesh with a
"professional" texture - or professional anything, for that matter. 
This is simply intended as a quick starter-pack-kinda-thingy you can play around with. 
Feel absolutely free to develop and model the KillerDrone further in Blender, 
create your own (much more awesome, of course) texture UV, 
and whatever else you wanna do with it.

Secondly: 
I chose to create this mesh pack in order to help utter beginners have a 
verrrrrry simple skeletal mesh to import into the Unreal Engine and test out as 
an enemy character, alongside my tutorial on how to make a braindead enemy that follows 
and kills the Player when it comes close enough (watch the tutorial @ youtube.com/3dstuffz ).
The mesh is so simple, in fact, it only has one single bone 
in it's entire empty little shell of a body, hah!

Thirdly: 
I don't see how you would ever want to, but IF you feel an extroardinary
pull towards selling this exact mesh and texture - even though it barely took me 1 hour
to put it together - I must admit I'll be a little disappointed in you, 
and I thus might put a hex on you and haunt your dreams with my 2 flesh-eating 
zombie-chicks who will devour the Life essence from your heartless soul bit by bit 
for all eternity ... :)

UNLESS, of course, you paypal $5 to   be.loka.aum@gmail.com   , then you can do whatever
your heart desires with it. Put it in a game and sell it, haha!

Lastly:
.. well, that's it. But maybe, if you do something interesting with the mesh - either develop it
further or put it to use in a game, then I'd be happy to see what you come up with.

Remember to enjoy your life and have fun - always!


Sincerely,
Ben Ormstad
be.loka.aum@gmail.com
unrealtutorials.com

- 24/10/2014
___
(.)(.)
<-->